Action
In this lesson we will continue with
the scene of more action of our animation.
We will encourage the
fastest movements of our character.
We will see what Smear frames are
and how to apply them in After Effects.
We are going to
continue taking the boot,
which is what will give
rise to the next scene.
It will serve us in
anticipation for the next action.
We will take as a reference the
moment in which according to our animatic
the next scene begins,
to put a mark on our composition,
just to have the
references, insurance lasts longer.
Let's go to the boot
comp, to cheer her up.
We only have one layer
in our precomposition
isolated from the bottom
then it doesn't make much sense
Work it on a separate precomp.
So what we are going to do is
get the contents of that precomp.
I will do this with
the help of a plugin.
Yes, I told them we wouldn't use
plugins but this one doesn't count,
Because it is very
simple and very useful.
It's called Un-PreCompose,
I'll give you the link to use it.
What it does is extract
the content of the precomp.
We give OK to the options.
We removed the boot layer
in the exact position it had,
with all the
animations I would have had,
having had, something as it was.
And we add this null in
case the precomposition
I had some position, in this
case not so we eliminated it.
All we wanted was to remove the boot.
Let's do as always,
convert to vector layer.
And let's start cheering.
I will locate the anchor
point at the heel point.
Just in case, if at any
time we perform a rotation,
That will be our point
of contact with the floor.
First we are going to
add a position keyframe.
And another rotation.
With the keyboard shortcuts, with P and
R, the rotation and position are shown,
they should know that, but once they
have the position they press Shift + R
Show the two together.
In this shot we can
play a little over time,
in the sense of slow
motion in a moment.
Then we will make the
foot appear quickly,
maybe he stays there for a
while, maybe when he's stepping on,
and finally walks away.
Here the first
moment can be very fast.
And the slow moment may be
when it is about to gain momentum.
In general I try to use
position and rotation animations.
Thus our object does not deform much,
and we can move it
through space more easily.
Once we have the basic
structure of the movement,
Let's start
adjusting the famous Paths.
I will locate the first
keyframes at the moment we define
in our styleframe,
which is this moment.
Here we know that all those keyframes
are fine and we will leave them like this.
Now we are going to start modifying
them to adapt them to each position.
Keep in mind that when
you have a rotated object,
if they use the transformation
box and move it with the keyboard
it will move in the direction
in which the object is rotated.
That can be a bit confusing.
In these cases, perhaps it is
better to simply use the "mouse".
Or the tablet.
This is the moment we have
the foot fully supported on the
floor, which is the moment when recharging
energy, say, and then boost.
In this moment in which
the foot remains still,
What we will do is make it flex.
When we're more or
less happy with a pose,
we can add keyframes in all Paths,
even those who are not animated yet,
and if we encourage them in the next pose
We are going to want to be encouraged
from this keyframe, not from the beginning.
We put a kind of
"checkpoint", a stop at that time,
to make sure that position is fixed.
Now let's see how we flex this.
Here we are going to
have an interpolation
a little weird, we may have to
correct something very subtle,
but there are some slightly
rare deformations in between.
We are going to adjust
these details at the end.
But as long as we can fix
some things, the better.
This is the moment when you
can slow everything down a bit.
And the final moment will be faster.
Now, when the boot starts to take off,
we will adjust the shape
as if it were peeling off the floor.
When making deformations so linked
to another object, such as the floor,
and they are in the middle
of a position transition,
what we can do is
also fix a keyframe there
so that later we can move
those two attributes together,
those of the form and
those of the position.
We can adjust the time a bit,
making sure that he will keep in
touch with the floor, as we wanted.
And at this moment when it is
already taking off from the floor,
let's make it
stretch as much as possible
So you feel like you
are giving momentum.
There it was pretty
good, but right now
It feels like it warps a little.
We have to start
taking care of the volumes.
Something like that
is already pretty good.
Let's see if at this moment,
when the foot is about to support,
we can soften this rotation a bit
and give the toe a little delay,
that in this case,
actually, instead of giving it delay
Let's anticipate all this part.
That already starts to be in position
and finally lower
only the tip of the foot.
This scene with this
should have been pretty good.